Make TAP job deletion optional defaulting to True (#640)
astropy/pyvo: CHANGES.rst

Enhancements and Fixes
----------------------

> - Make deletion of TAP jobs optional via a delete flag. Default: True

Reviewer: We track the PR's number in the changelog, thus the CI check was failing for this.
```suggestion
- Make deletion of TAP jobs optional via a new ``delete`` kwarg. [#640]
```
